---
layout: portfolio
title: National Public Radio
teaser: I've worked at NPR from 2011 through today as an interactive product designer, user experience manager, and general design leader.
micro-teaser: Manager of UX and Design; Product Design
employer-dates: 2011 - current
category : portfolio
assets: npr
hero: hero-sites
hero-caption: Snapshots of a bunch of NPR Member Station homepages.
tags : [design, product, work-history]
---

<p class="intro">I've worked at National Public Radio from 2011 through the present, being promoted from senior product designer to manager of ux and design. Here's an overview of some of the projects I've led, with links (in some cases) to further information.</p>

### Responsive Redesign

In 2014/15, we redesigned Core Publisher, NPR's website platform used by about 160 member stations. Read [more about it here](/portfolio/2014/09/10/responsive-redesign/).

{% assign photo="responsive-macbook" %}
{% assign caption="" %}
{% include custom/pic_large %}

<h3>&nbsp;</h3>

### CMS Admin

This project's objective was to help stations create good content more easily. Although we didn't address the WYSIWYG editor (which is pretty bad), I was able to design a flow that stations loved because it simplified and improved an important daily task. [Read more about it](/portfolio/2012/10/10/corepub-post/).

{% assign photo="edit1" %}
{% include custom/pic_large %}


### Amplify

What started as an experiment to leverage NPR's Facebook presence to grow the audience for member stations has turned into an ongoing success for our network. Station editors submit stories that they're working on to Amplify, a private web application, where other members of the NPR editorial community offer feedback. Once stories are good enough, they can be published right from the tool to NPR's facebook page — resulting in large audience spikes for local stations. [Read more...](/portfolio/2013/02/09/facebook-project/)

{% assign photo="amplify" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal %}

&nbsp;

### Mobile Web

Before NPR decided to embark on a responsive redesign for our member stations' web platform, we created a mobile-only version which we could learn from without expending too much effort. In a few weeks, I designed a clean, usable mobile-optimized site that elevated the listening experience while still respecting the large amount of text content. [Read more...](/portfolio/2012/07/11/mobile-web/)

{% assign photo="mobile-web" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal filetype="jpg" %}

### Setlist

A brief experiment with creating a site optimized for public radio music stations. We learned something about how stations wanted to manage content — and about their listeners — but didn't end up maintaining the project.

{% assign photo="setlist-in-phone" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal filetype="jpg" %}

&nbsp;

### Player Explorations

I worked with a small team to get a live streaming player out to public radio stations quickly. [Read more...](/portfolio/2013/03/22/beta-player/)

{% assign photo="beta-player" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal filetype="png" %}

&nbsp;

### Composer
Composer is an application that radio stations use to create and manage playlists — both to help stations meet legal requirements regarding the songs they play and to serve listeners, by displaying song, artist, and other information. [Read more...](/portfolio/2014/06/18/composer/)

{% assign photo="composer" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal filetype="jpg" %}

&nbsp;

### Analytics

Analytics are critical to NPR member stations, but making sense of the data can be challenging. We created this tool to help stations make reasonable assessments of their performance by making it easy for them to compare themselves to other "like" stations. That is, a small-market music-oriented station should be able to see how they are doing relative to other small-market music-oriented stations. I helped with UX, design, and front-end development on this project.

{% assign photo="analytics" %}
{% include custom/pic_normal filetype="jpg" %}